Make run_end_to_end_tests.md clearer (#2667)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c: doc/run_end_to_end_tests.md

        - IOTHUB_E2E_X509_PRIVATE_KEY_BASE64
        - IOTHUB_E2E_X509_THUMBPRINT

>         For testing-only, you can generate a x509 self-signed certificate.

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity
```suggestion
        For testing-only, you can generate a x509 self-signed certificate by either:
```

>         You can either use our script to fill these three parameters automatically with a **test-only** certificate:

Reviewer: Related to above comment:
```suggestion
       Using our script to fill these three parameters automatically with a **test-only** certificate:
```

        ```shell
        .../azure-iot-sdk-c/tools/iot_hub_e2e_tests_params$ ./fill_x509_in_iot_device_params.sh
        ```
        

>         OR follow the manual steps below.

Reviewer: Related to above comments
```suggestion
        OR following the manual steps below:
```
